add local dev note for auth0 via ngrok (#3372)
hasura/graphql-engine: docs/graphql/manual/guides/integrations/auth0-jwt.rst

.. note::

   We need to use an ``upsert`` operation here because social logins do not distinguish between sign-up and login. Hence, we need to run this rule every time a successful login is made and do nothing if the user already exists.

> .. admonition:: Local dev with Auth0 rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. admonition:: Note
```

Author: Wouldn't it be clearer to notice this if it had a bold title?

Reviewer: Yes, but then it's not consistent with the rest of the docs. It always says `Note`.

Author: This should go into a subsection then.

Reviewer: But you are right, it would be clearer.

Reviewer: Let's keep it the way you proposed.

Author: BTW I used `admonition:: <title>` here because it allows you to supply a title. Otherwise, the rest of the doc has `::note`

>    The sync step will require a reachable endpoint to Hasura and this is not possible in localhost. You can use ``ngrok`` or similar services to expose your endpoint with a public endpoint temporarily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When developing locally with Auth0 rules, the sync step will require a reachable endpoint to Hasura which is not possible in localhost. You can use ``ngrok`` or similar services to expose your endpoint with a public endpoint temporarily.
```

Author: This is actually ambiguous because you can't develop the *Auth0 rule* locally.

Reviewer: Okay then let's keep the bold title and leave this as it was before 🙂
